[ESLint] Documentation updates + bug fixes (#26331)
vercel/next.js: docs/basic-features/eslint.md

You can now run `next lint` every time you want to run ESLint to catch errors.

> > The default base configuration (`"extends": "next"`) can be updated at any time and will only be included if no ESLint configuration is present. If you already have an existing ESLint configuration, refer to the [Migrating Existing Config](/docs/basic-features/eslint#migrating-existing-config) section to find the best way to include Next.js rules directly in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The default base configuration (`"extends": "next"`) can be updated at any time and will only be included if no ESLint configuration is present. If you already have an existing ESLint configuration, refer to the [Migrating Existing Config](/docs/basic-features/eslint.md#migrating-existing-config) section to find the best way to include Next.js rules directly in your application.
```

Author: Fixed!

## Migrating Existing Config

### Recommended Plugin Ruleset

If you already have ESLint configured in your application and any of the following conditions are true:

- You have one or more of the following plugins already installed (either separately or through a different config such as `airbnb` or `react-app`):
  - `react`
  - `react-hooks`
  - `jsx-a11y`
  - `import`

> - You've defined specific `parserOptions` that need to be different how Babel is configured within Next.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You've defined specific `parserOptions` that are different from how Babel is configured within Next.js
```

And how it this? Can we link to something?

Author: Updated to include a little more detail and a link:

```diff
- You've defined specific `parserOptions` that are different from how Babel is configured within Next.js
+ You've defined specific `parserOptions` that are different from how Babel is configured within Next.js (this is not recommended unless you have [customized your Babel configuration](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/customizing-babel-config))
```

> - You have `eslint-plugin-import` installed with Node and/or TypeScript resolvers defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have `eslint-plugin-import` installed with Node.js and/or TypeScript resolvers defined
```

Out of context, I don't understand what "resolvers" is - could be confusing for beginniners. Rephrase or add a link?

Author: Updated to include a little more detail as well as a link:

```diff
- You have `eslint-plugin-import` installed with Node.js and/or TypeScript resolvers defined
+ You have `eslint-plugin-import` installed with Node.js and/or TypeScript [resolvers](https://github.com/benmosher/eslint-plugin-import#resolvers) defined to handle imports
```

## Migrating Existing Config

### Recommended Plugin Ruleset

If you already have ESLint configured in your application and any of the following conditions are true:

- You have one or more of the following plugins already installed (either separately or through a different config such as `airbnb` or `react-app`):
  - `react`
  - `react-hooks`
  - `jsx-a11y`
  - `import`

> - You've defined specific `parserOptions` that are different from how Babel is configured within Next.js (this is not recommended unless you have [customized your Babel configuration](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/customizing-babel-config))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You've defined specific `parserOptions` that are different from how Babel is configured within Next.js (this is not recommended unless you have [customized your Babel configuration](/docs/advanced-features/customizing-babel-config.md))
```

}
```

This eliminates any risk of collisions or errors that can occur due to importing the same plugin or parser across multiple configurations.

### Additional Configurations

> If you already use a separate ESLint configuration and want to include `eslint-config-next`, ensure that is extended last after other configurations. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already use a separate ESLint configuration and want to include `eslint-config-next`, ensure that it is extended last after other configurations. For example:
```

Author: Fixed!

}
```

The plugin can be installed normally in your project without needing to run `next lint`:

```bash
npm install --save-dev eslint-plugin-next
# or
yarn add --dev eslint-plugin-next

> ```

Author: @leerob I also added these few small lines to explain how the plugin can be installed separately 🙏

Reviewer 3: should this be `@next/eslint-plugin-next`?

> This eliminates any risk of collisions or errors that can occur due to importing the same plugin or parser across multiple configurations.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This eliminates the risk of collisions or errors that can occur due to importing the same plugin or parser across multiple configurations.
```

Author: Updated 👍
